Security: Add disabled option for cookie samesite attribute (#21472)
grafana/grafana: CHANGELOG.md

## Breaking changes
* **PagerDuty**: Change `payload.custom_details` field in PagerDuty notification to be a JSON object instead of a string.

> * **Security**: The `[security]` setting `cookie_samesite` configured to `none` now renders cookies with `SameSite=None` attribute compared to before where no `SameSite` attribute was added to cookies. To get the old behavior use value `disabled` instead of `none`. Read [upgrading](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/installation/upgrading/#upgrading-to-v6-6) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Security**: The `[security]` setting `cookie_samesite` configured to `none` now renders cookies with `SameSite=None` attribute compared to before where no `SameSite` attribute was added to cookies. To get the old behavior, use value `disabled` instead of `none`. Refer to [Upgrade Grafana](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/installation/upgrading/#upgrading-to-v6-6) for more information.
```
